Update `GenTBL` links (#714)
haddocking/haddocking.github.io: education/HADDOCK/HADDOCK-binding-sites/index.md

2. For the subsequent flexible refinement stages, we define the binding pocket only as passive and the ligand as active. 
This ensures that the ligand can explore the binding pocket.

> In order to create those two restraint files, use the HADDOCK server tool to generate AIR restraints: [https://wenmr.science.uu.nl/haddock-restraints/](https://wenmr.science.uu.nl/haddock-restraints/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create those two restraint files, use the `Generate Restraints` haddock-restraints web server tool accessible at [https://wenmr.science.uu.nl/haddock-restraints/](https://wenmr.science.uu.nl/haddock-restraints/):
```
